# Google Season of Docs Case Study Template

<b>README:</b> The purpose of this case study is for others to learn from your
experience. You should provide an honest assessment of how things went. We are
interested in hearing about mistakes and challenges as well as successes.
Please answer ALL of the following questions to the best of your ability.

Note: This case study template was updated in 2024. You can find [the previous
version here](https://developers.google.com/season-of-docs/docs/2023/case-study-template).

# \<Org Name>: \<Year> Google Season of Docs Case Study

Organization or Project Name:

Season of Docs link:

Organization Description: _1-2 sentence elevator pitch that gives a brief
overview of what your organization or project does._

Authors: _list authors of the case study; use usernames if requested (optional)_

## **Summary**

_Fill out the following table and provide brief answers to the questions. You
can provide more details in later sections. **We recommend you write out the
detailed sections first then come back to write the summary.**_

<table>
  <tr>
   <th># Tech Writers</th>
   <th>TW Project Hours</th>
   <th>Budget</th>
   <th>% Project Completed</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>##</td>
   <td>##</td>
   <td>$X</td>
   <td>X%</td>
  </tr>
</table>

What problem were you trying to solve? And how did you try to solve it?

What were the outcomes of your project?

What went well? And what would you do differently?

What advice would you give to other projects trying to solve a similar problem
with documentation?

## **Project Description**

_Describe the project by filling out the following sections._

### Project Proposal

_Provide a brief summary of your proposal and a link to the proposal page on
your project site._

### Proposal Creation Process

_How did you come up with your Google Season of Docs proposal? What process did your
organization use to decide on an idea? How did you solicit and incorporate
feedback? Who participated in the process? How long did it take?_

### Budget

_Answer the questions in the following table._

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col width="25%">
    <col width="25%">
    <col width="25%">
    <col>
  </colgroup>
  <tr>
   <td>How much money did you ask for?</td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>How did you come up with this estimate?</td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>How many hours of work did you budget for the project?</td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>How many hours of work were actually needed for the project?</td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>What other expenses did you include in your budget?</td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Did you run into any budget surprises during the project (e.g.
   misestimates)? If so, please explain.</td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>

### Tech Writer Recruitment

_How did you find and hire your technical writer? Did the process work well? Did
they stay for the duration of the project?_

### Other Participants

_Who else worked on this project (use usernames if requested by participants)?
How did you recruit them? What roles did they have? Did they stay for the
duration of the project?_

### Timeline

_Give a short overview of the timeline of your project (indicate estimated end
date or intermediate milestones if project is ongoing). Did the original
timeline need adjustment?_

### Deliverables

_Fill in the following tables to describe what was created, updated, or
otherwise changed during the project. Include both planned and unplanned
deliverables. Be sure to include things that were planned but not completed._

#### Planned Deliverables

_Relevant links might include published docs, pull requests, or other
artifacts._

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col width="25%">
    <col width="25%">
    <col width="25%">
    <col>
  </colgroup>
  <tr>
   <th>Deliverable</th>
   <th>% Complete</th>
   <th>Relevant Links</th>
   <th>Notes</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><em>Deliverable #1</em>
</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><em>…</em>
</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td><em>Deliverable #N</em>
</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>

#### Unplanned Deliverables

_Were there any deliverables created that were not planned at the start of the project? If so, please explain._

### Metrics

_What metrics did you choose to measure the success of the project? Were you able to collect those metrics? Did you observe any change as a result of the project? Did you add or remove any metrics since your proposal? How often do you intend to collect metrics going forward?_

## **Analysis**

_Provide a short narrative about how the project went. Was the project
successful? Why or why not? Or when will you be able to judge success? Did you face any unexpected hurdles or setbacks? Did the project result in any new or updated processes or procedures in your organization?_

### Lessons Learned

_Use the following tables to highlight lessons learned -- for things that went
well and things that could be improved. Use the listed topic categories as
appropriate or add your own. Feel free to have multiple rows for a given topic
as needed. These lessons learned will feed into our [aggregated list of best
practices](https://github.com/google/season-of-docs/tree/main/templates/resources/best-practices.md)
for documentation projects._

#### What went well?

_For lessons learned, add your own or indicate a "plus one" for any of the
[existing Google Season of Docs Best
Practices](https://github.com/google/season-of-docs/tree/main/templates/resources/best-practices.md)._

<table>
<colgroup>
    <col width="25%">
    <col width="25%">
    <col width="25%">
    <col>
  </colgroup>
  <tr>
   <th>Topic</th>
   <th>What we did</th>
   <th>Lesson learned</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Budget</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Communication</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mentorship</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Metrics</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Onboarding</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Participants</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Project Deliverables</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Project Management</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Recruiting & Hiring</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>…</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>&lt;Other Topics as Needed&gt;</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>&nbsp;</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>&nbsp;</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>

#### What could be improved?

_For lessons learned, add your own or indicate a "plus one" for any of the
[existing Google Season of Docs Best
Practices](https://github.com/google/season-of-docs/tree/main//resources/best-practices.md)._

<table>
 <colgroup>
    <col width="25%">
    <col width="25%">
    <col width="25%">
    <col>
  </colgroup>
  <tr>
   <th>Topic</th>
   <th>What we did</th>
   <th>What we would do differently</th>
   <th>Lesson learned</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Budget</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Communication</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Mentorship</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Metrics</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Onboarding</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Participants</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Project Deliverables</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Project Management</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>Recruiting & Hiring</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>…</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>&lt;Other Topics as Needed&gt;</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>&nbsp;</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
   <td>&nbsp;</td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
   <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>

## **Appendix**

_If you have other materials you'd like to link to (for example, if you created
a contract for working with your technical writer that you'd like to share, or
templates for your documentation project, or other open documentation resources,
you can list and link them here). The Appendix is also a good place to list
links to any documentation tools or resources you used, or a place to add thanks
or acknowledgments that might not fit into the previous sections._